This week I used AI for some of the exercises in the assignment. When I say that I don't mean that I let it solve the problems for me. However for certain python functions that I wasn't familiar with like ".find()/.rfind()". I asked ChatGPT what those functions did and some examples of when they're used. It was good for quick learning and refreshing my mind on other terms. 
Week 2 I used Chat GPT to brainstorm ideas for my group porject in INST335. I also found a new way to use it for the excercises. If there was a code with an error and I didn't know why, then ChatGPT would explain what the code I wrote actualy accomplished.
Week 3 This week I used AI to prepare for the UMD Career Fair at the Hotel. I asked Gemini AI what best follow up questions to ask an employer after intrpducing yourself. It was very helpful and gave me insight on more htings to ask the employer. I also used ChatGPT to check my codes if there a continuous error that I couldn't solve.
Week 4 This week I used AI to create examples to run my programs in the exrcises for this week. I also used them for my study abroad scholarship application. There is a personal service project I have to do after to raise awareness on study abroad program, so I brainstormed an idea with AI.
Week 5 This week I used AI for help in all of my INST class projects. In INST311 I used AI to create a layout of our plan to submit each part for our project where we're creating a fitness app. For my INST335 class I used AI to help think of what kinds of resources we'd use for our project focusing on BlackRock buying out Allete. Finally for this class I used AI to look over my codes where I coudln't solve the error and simplify the new functions.
Week 6 This week I used AI for help in applying for internships. I used AI by asking for some ways I can enhance my profiles so that employers will be more likely to take interest in my applications. I also used it to brainstorm questions that I the employers allow me to ask on the application. Thought-provoking questions will help me not only stand out but be able to udnerstand what role I am preparing to take.
Week 7 This week I used AI to correct spelling and suggest gramar fixes for some of my responses in my internship applications. I want to make sure that I'm sending my employers that display that I'm an intelligent and responsible worker.
Week 8 This week I used AI used AI for assistance in my weekly exercise for this class. This week was particularly harder for me so to fully understand the concepts and their functions I asked AI for mutliple examples of subclasses and sibling classes. 
Week 9 This week I used AI to for assistance in my African American Justice final group project. My task was to create a new amendment for what new thing we wanted to implement. I asked AI for the msot important aspects of an amendment to create an outline to follow. I also used Grammarly to make sure I used correct spelling and grammar when creating our new amendment.